good evening in an impressive show of
force nurses have taken their bitter
dispute with the state government to the
steps of parliament many say their pay
is being docked but have vowed to keep
fighting more from state political
reporter Andrew lund bourke street was a
teeming sea of red as nurses gathered to
take their fight to Parliament Austin
health nurse Belinda Nash was among the
three thousand strong powered that march
through the city she says nurses are
paying the price for their ongoing
industrial action they Jockin our pay
off the whole shoot i'm going to work
after this i say their fight is not
about money but preserving nurse to
patient ratios at the moment with 124 we
have time to do most of the things we
have to do it for our patients would
sometimes times their to spend time with
their family to hold the hand of a dying
person if David Davis gets his way
that's going to be taken away these
dandenong nurses say they're already
overworked typical days started eight
o'clock after break til 330 when you get
home trams and traffic were forced to
stop but there appeared to be plenty of
support from bystanders the nurses made
their presence felt on Spring Street the
government wants to replace
with nursing assistants which nurses
argue will make their job harder and
compromise patient safety the system's
already funny what they're asking is
going to reduce the system to third
world country status the ongoing dispute
fueled a rowdy question time he was
asked why is he going to war with nurses
there will be more nurses mr. speaker
health minister says the government
remains committed to negotiating a fair
outcome the government wants to pay
nurses more we want to come to a an
arrangement where there is additional
capacity to do that but with the dispute
currently before fair work australia and
the federal court nurses say their fight
isn't over
and rely on use